Add details about linting configuration (#1636)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: docs/site/linting.md

Calva does no linting, yet with Calva you get excellent linting. That is because Calva uses [clojure-lsp](https://github.com/clojure-lsp/clojure-lsp), which provides linting powered by clj-kondo.

## Get Started

> clj-kondo comes with its set of rules, but the configuration can be customized with a configuration file. The custom configuration must be placed at the root of your project under `.clj-kondo/config.edn`. The `.clj-kondo` folder may already exist if you started calva before, it is safe to create it manually if it doesn't.

Reviewer: > The custom configuration must be placed ...

I think it can go in some different places, as described here: https://github.com/clj-kondo/clj-kondo/blob/master/doc/config.md#introduction

Author: @PEZ Any chances you know about some of them? I don't know if you get all of them since we have the LSP in between. For instance `command line --config file or EDN arguments` wouldn't apply.

Do you think it's okay to point to the documentation and let the user make the decisions? Or should we somehow add a bit of context and maybe only list the one that apply to using kondo with calva?

Reviewer: I think it's OK to point to the documentation. 
```suggestion
clj-kondo comes with great default rules, and the configuration [can be customized](https://github.com/clj-kondo/clj-kondo/blob/master/doc/config.md). One of your options for the configuration file is to  placed a `config.edn` file in `.clj-kondo/` at the root of your project. This folder may or may not already exist. It is safe to create it manually if it doesn't.
```

The configuration will be merged with the default set of rules, you can only specify the rules you want to override. The full list of available options can be found on [clj-kondo's github](https://github.com/clj-kondo/clj-kondo/blob/master/doc/linters.md)

### Examples

> The following examples show how to turn on/off linting rules in your configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples shows how to turn on/off linting rules in your configuration:
```

Author: *Keep in mind english is not my main language* But are you sure about this one? Isn't the plural of `to show` -> They show?

Reviewer: It's not my main language either, obviously. 😄 You are completely right, of course.

**Display missing docstring as warning:**
```clj
{:linters {:missing-docstring {:level :warning}}}
```

> **Display an error when the :require are not sorted in the namespace:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Display an error when the `:require`s are not sorted in the namespace:**
```

```clj
{:linters {:unsorted-required-namespaces {:level :error}}}
```

**Turn off the 'Not empty?' idiom:**
```clj
{:linters {:not-empty? {:level :off}}}
```

**Multiple rules in a single config:**
```clj
{:linters {:missing-docstring {:level :warning}
           :unsorted-required-namespaces {:level :error}
           :not-empty? {:level :off}}}
```

### Exclude entire folders from the linter

> The linter is ran through the clojure-lsp, by default clojure-lsp runs on the entire classpath of the project. There are casses where you may not want that. For example when using clojurescript it is very likely that you will have a `target/` folder in your classpath which you want to exclude from linting. The custom configuration must be placed at the root of your project under `.lsp/config.edn`. The `.lsp` folder may already exist if you started calva before, it is safe to create it manually if it doesn't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The linter is run by clojure-lsp. By default clojure-lsp runs on the entire classpath of the project. There are cases where you may not want that. For example when using clojurescript it is very likely that you will have a `target/` folder in your classpath which you want to exclude from linting. The custom configuration must be placed at the root of your project under `.lsp/config.edn`. The `.lsp` folder may already exist if you started calva before, it is safe to create it manually if it doesn't.
```

Again, I think clojure-lsp has more options for where its config can go: https://clojure-lsp.io/settings/

Author: Similar question here: is calva opinionated in any way on starting/configuring the LSP, or does it let the LSP pick up configuration like shown in the doc?

Reviewer: Good question. I see this in the map we use to start the client:

```typescript
    synchronize: {
      configurationSection: 'clojure-lsp',
      fileEvents: vscode.workspace.createFileSystemWatcher('**/.clientrc'),
    },
```

@bpringe , does this mean that the user can configure clojure-lsp's behaviour in any subfolder via a `.clientrc` file?

Reviewer 2: I don't think I added that. Maybe @Cyrik or @ericdallo known more about that.

### Examples
The following examples show how to turn on/off linting rules in your configuration:

**Display missing docstring as warning:**
```clj
{:linters {:missing-docstring {:level :warning}}}
```

**Display an error when the `:require`s are not sorted in the namespace:**
```clj
{:linters {:unsorted-required-namespaces {:level :error}}}
```

**Turn off the 'Not empty?' idiom:**
```clj
{:linters {:not-empty? {:level :off}}}
```

**Multiple rules in a single config:**
```clj
{:linters {:missing-docstring {:level :warning}
           :unsorted-required-namespaces {:level :error}
           :not-empty? {:level :off}}}
```

### Exclude entire folders from the linter
The linter is run by clojure-lsp. By default clojure-lsp runs on the entire classpath of the project. There are cases where you may not want that. For example when using clojurescript it is very likely that you will have a `target/` folder in your classpath which you want to exclude from linting. 

> There are multiple ways to configure clojure-lsp, The custom configuration must be placed at the root of your project under `.lsp/config.edn`. The `.lsp` folder may already exist if you started calva before, it is safe to create it manually if it doesn't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clojure-lsp is customizable, see [Clojure LSP Settings](https://clojure-lsp.io/settings/) for your options. It is safe to manually create the `.lsp` folder if it doesn't exist.
```
